Improve technical documentation (#4308)
xournalpp/xournalpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

small--is greatly appreciated. In this file, we'll outline how you can
contribute to the project.

> If you have questions after reading this, you can join our Gitter channel via
> the badge at the top of `./README.md`.

Reviewer: Let's link directly here instead of requiring people to go search around:
```suggestion
If you have questions after reading this file, feel free to ask them on our [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/xournalpp/xournalpp).
```

## Overview

Several of the main ways that you can contribute to the project include:

> * [Contributing website improvements](#contributing-website-improvements)

Reviewer: I think the original line is better. This links to a section that has a link to the repository; why not just link directly?

Author: I thought the consistency would be nice, but I have changed it back :+1:

* [Contributing translation improvements](#contributing-translation-improvements)
* [Contributing code improvements](#contributing-code-improvements)

## Contributing website improvements

For making changes to the website, please go to [xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io).

## Contributing translation improvements

We use via [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com) for contributing translation
improvements. To do this, see [our project on Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/xournalpp). The Crowdin

> translations are merged back into the main code periodically, after which, they

Reviewer: I don't find this change very helpful; the original has a single, unambiguous link to the translation project, whereas the new version requires readers to figure out which one to go to.

4. After receiving maintainer approval, the PR is merged after a short grace
   period.

You may want to see some details on the [Branching Strategy](./readme/Releases.md#branching-strategy).

When developing new features, create an issue or comment on an existing issue to let others know what you are doing.

During development, create a fork and use the master as base. Create a pull request for each fix.

_Do not_ create big pull requests. As long as you don't break anything features also can be

> merged, even if they are not 100% finished.

Reviewer: These lines seem randomly placed and should either be entirely omitted or incorporated into their respective sections.

Author: Ah good point - they were copied from a different section but i don't think they need to be here :+1:

    reduce the time others must spend to verify your code because it is correct
    by design.

> See more details on coding conventions [at the Wiki](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/wiki/Coding-conventions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the corresponding Wiki article](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/wiki/Coding-conventions) for more details on coding conventions.
```
